1. HTTP is the hypertext transfer protocol. It is the set of rules or format that requests have to be sent in as or sent out as a response.
2. A URL stands for uniform resource locator. It is a reference to a web resource, and it specifies location on a computer network and the mechanism for retrieving it. It is commonly used to reference web pages and request these webpages from servers. It is also used for file transfer protocol, database access, and much more.
3. DNS stands for Domain Name System. Because of IP addresses that is meant for computers to understand, DNS is the system that turns what humans can understand and what is readable to humans, hostnames, into IP addresses.
4. A query string contains additional parameters that are passed in with a request so that the server knows how to respond to that specific request and compile a webpage based on it.
5. Two common HTTP verbs are GET and POST. GET requests occur when URLs are entered, links are clicked, and sometimes when forms are submitted. GET requests retrieve data and use the data to compile a webpage. GET requests are sent in query string. On the other hand, POST requests never occur when links are clicked or URLs are entered; they usually occur when a form is submitted. The requests actually make changes to a database and shows response based on that. The post requests are sent in the body of the request.
6. HTTP requests are sent to servers. They include the verb, HTTP protocol version, the URL, resources, and some request headers. When a server receives an HTTP request, it handles the request and responds. When all requests come back and are handled, the browser will know what to do with the response and how to render it.
7. HTTP responses are how servers respond to requests. They include HTTP protocol version, response status code, response headers metadata, and response body.
8. An HTTP header is the requested or sent back contained information, the metadata, when a request is sent or when a response is sent. A request header might be the content language that was requested. A response header may be the status code if the webpage is OK, redirected, or does not exist.
9. That web browser will first look for the hostname and attempt first locally, then finally, it will look through the DNS servers to find the hostname. If found, then it sends the GET request, with headers, to the corresponding server. The server will get information from its database, and responds with headers and body to the browser. Requests come back asynchronously, and finally the browser will know how to compile the webpage. 
